Efficiency - How well resources are being utilized to achieve a desired outcome.
Maximizing outputs with given inputs, minimizing waste, achieving greatest net
benefit from resources.
  - E.g., Going to different fabrication companies to get the best quality
  and cost of production

Transaction costs - Expenses inccured beyond actual price when buying or
or selling goods/services.
  - E.g., When talking to a client to sell real estate, a transactional 
  cost is your time.

Opportunity costs - The second best thing/benefits that you lose out on while
choosing one option over another.

Scarcity - finite things, unlimited desires. less choices => more valuable 
product so sellers can set at higher prices. Limits choices avaiable, making
options more valuabl;e and raising costs.

Hyperbolic discounting/short term perspective - The human bias to tend to 
perfer and choose an immediate effect and benefit over the future benefits,
even if that future benefit is better. Makes us less able in long-term
decision-making.
  - Choosing $50 dollars right now to pay for food vs. getting $100 dollars in
  a year.

Sunk costs - refers to the loss of time, money, or effect that you can't
get back in a particular thing or project. Costs that cannot be recovered.

Sunk Cost Fallacy - reluctancy to let go of a project because of the amount
of sunken costs already put into it. blurs our better judgement.

Gains versus losses - 

Loss aversion - The human tendency to focus on the negatives over the positives.

Incentives - Anything that pushes people, businesses, and governments to a particular
decision (what career you choose, what things you buy, etc.)

Abundance - the opposite of scarcity. if there a lot of things, the less it takes to
buy. the cost lowers.

Resources - economic inputs used to produce goods and services. three main types: land, labor,
and capital.

Trade Offs - choose between two competing alternatives and one option is given up to pursue
the other option. results in opportunity costs.
